Adds notes for changes in console v0.35.0 (#980)
minio/docs: source/administration/console/managing-objects.rst

   View the status of uploading or downloading objects with the object manager button available on the top right corner of the Console.
   If you have not uploaded or downloaded any objects during the current session, the button does not appear.

.. versionchanged:: Console v0.35.0

>    If you select multiple objects to download, MinIO creates a ZIP archive of all objects before downloading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you select multiple objects to download, MinIO creates a ZIP archive of those objects for downloading.
   You must unzip or uncompress this archive after downloading to access the files.
```

Possibly overwording it here

Author: Nah, I think it's good.
